welcome back to SourceFed I'm Meg Turney
and I'm Trisha Hershberger ridge MO
games hey got a 3d yes well you can
finally use it for something other than
giving yourself a one way to get to
headache town because this morning a
Nintendo unleashed a slew of new fun
stuff they're releasing for the handheld
that's right they gave us a look at a
ton of new games and a glimpse at what
could be a new rival for iTunes first up
let's talk games they're released a big
ole sizzle reel what games we can look
forward to in the near future take a
look
lego lord of the rings anything hobbit
rules like them is my people seriously
short and Harry it's the way to go an
epic mickey power of illusion looks like
way better gameplay than Epic Mickey for
Wii which still hurts my heart I wanted
it to be so good there was so much
potential there I'm sorry baby right and
paper mario sticker star love those
games an extended trailer was also
released today and it features of battle
go a friggin battle goat it's all like
hey guys i'ma go no no check it out
and I can't wait for a jury in Odyssey
for Hermes just makes me happy and
another Castlevania seriously Simon
Belmont you make my heart beat still and
those graphics look amazing especially
for a handheld of all the games shown
though I'm personally most excited about
professor layton in the miracle mask my
love for P Layton and my hatred for the
fact that I'll never know what happens
to Luke in America thanks to stupid
level five is well documented this
installment follows the prof in Luke as
they unravel another mystery the
interesting bit here is that the puzzles
look completely different from anything
we've seen before check out this trailer
for what is sure to be the reason I
finally give in and get a 3ds according
to legend the mouse with stones great
power on whoever wears it learned
desperate need of your home and finally
Nintendo is doing something completely
different with reco choku it's a new
music service which allows users to
stream download and play music on their
3ds device each song is priced at
roughly three american dollars for now
it's only available in japan but who
knows it could become a competitor for
itunes here in the states no matter
which game you're most excited about i
think we can all agree it's nice and see
Nintendo actually doing something
exciting for the system instead of
cramming more kitten simulators or Bratz
dolls games down our throat okay maybe
just the breath stalls thing because
kittens are kind of pretty cool they're
kind of awesome so which of these games
caught your eye let us know in the
comments down below please it like and
subscribe if you haven't already to
click this annotation to go SourceFed
calm to see everything we've ever done
I'm Meg Turney and I'm Trisha
Hershberger vegimal games oh